Founders of a startup normally discover a problem they want to fix, discover potential customers that have this problem and want to have it fixed for them in exchange of monetary contribution.  Then discover other connected problems to the initial one and maket their solution to segments of companies that also have this problem and want it fixed for them in exchange of money.

Building a decentralized organization is different.  The founding team of a DAO find a huge problem that they want to fix but don't know exactly how they'll achieve their goal.  Then, it setups the necessary tool to have its decentralized organization organized with a proper gamification system to people contribute in order to receive value in the short, moderate and long terms.

Founders and first employees of a startup focus on fixing small problems and grow their reach into bigger problems.  Founders of a decentralized organization needs to setup the necessary tools to keep people interested in different part of the ecosystem, market the right segment of value to the right audience and create value short term, moderate term and long term.

The initial community of LegitDAO was formed by people that had networks and wanted to grow the value of LegitDAO by on-boarding the people they know into our ecosystem using our referral system.  However, on-boarding people into an empty shell doesn't bring any value to anyone.  For this reason, we separated the concern for each type of contributors, how each type of contributor can help the ecosystem and how the sum of the work of each person will create the value that LegitDAO will bring to society.

The initial cycle of our decentralized autonomoius organization is to build the ability to retrieve problems that enterprises and organizations have in our society.  The long term goal is to build an AGI that will help everyone represent them in society and help them live their life the way each person wants to.  But we also need to create value on the short term to be able to reach that AGI long-term goal.

Therefore, the first step for people to create value in our ecosystem is to contact the enterprises they know, listen to the problems these enterprises have and bring them into our ecosystem.  To be able to organize these ideas in our ecosystem, we will launch a smart contract and a section on our website so people can connect their MetaMask, submit ideas they hear in their network, and vote on ideas others added if these problems submitted by others are also problems in their ecosystem.  People will also be able to upvote these ideas, comments on them and challenge their concepts.  When someone participate in an idea, he will own shares in that idea.

Then, anyone will be able to read the discussion based on ideas and see what problems we can fix in our society.  Groups of people will then form and contribute together to build a proposition.  Programmers could contribute with lawyers, fiscalists, accountants and appartment managers in order to create a proposition to manage appartment buildings in a decentralized manner.  Programmers would create the software planification in order to manage the whole ecosystem, lawyers would find ways to bridge the legal code with our goals and communicate the information with programmers that will build the necessary smart contracts, accountants would help programmers plan the software nbeeded to manage the books of the building in a decentralized manner so that investotrs would know how their building is doing in order to progresss over time and know the struggles they need to fix, every time they encounter them.

When building a proposition, the people that contribute to that proposition would base their proposition on an intiial idea and its discussions.  Therefore, the people that brought the idea initially, the people that challenged the idea and then the people that built the proposition will all be part owner of the idea that now begins to be well formed.  During the proposition phase, we will also discover the market size and the potential market segments for taht proposition.  We will communicate with potential customers to interest them in the project and we'll include their needs so that we can use that proposition in order to fix people and enterprise's problems by executing that proposition.  We will collect their input and include them in the proposition.

Then, existing projects in our ecosystem will vote in order to include that proposition under their umbrella.  If, for example, we have a technology project that is basically a never-ending project that help other projects with technology in our ecosystem.  And if we have a marketting project in our ecosystem that does the same thing for general marketting.  We will be able to create the new project and connect them under both's projects.  During that phase, each existing project will be able to discuss and create a concensus on how the development of that new project will occur, who would be responsible to manage each part and who would be responsible to audit the project execution.

Then, service providers will be able to see the list of project propositions, how they would be plugged in our ecosystem, who would own shares in the project if developed, what contribution each party would do, and what contribution has been done so far.  Service providers would then be able to see who would manage their work during each milestone of the development.  They would then be able to quote monetary compensation and execution time for each part of the project they want to be a part of.  Monetary compensation could include shares in the project, as well as direct compensation using existing crypto-currencies.

Then, LegitDAO members would be able to see the list of project propositions that people wants to develop, see the discussions that involved all the different people in our ecosystem, and decide if they want to execute the project the way it is presented to them.  They will be able to enter in a discussion between LegitDAO members and discuss with all the community contributors to understand better the project and its execution.  The LegitDAO members will then vote to adjust the proposition and go back to previous phase to alter the proposition draft, or request a project execution by the involved parties.

At the end of the day, each project execution will create value to the LegitDAO ecosystem, but will also fix enterprises problems and therefore make revenue to help these enterprises on the short term.  In the mid-term, we will build complex projects that accumulate on top of each others which will bring us a lot of data-based knowledge which will accelerate our growth and increase the value proposition we can bring to our customer.  At the long term, we will create important milestones that will form the decentralized ecosystem that will compose our AGI.

Since each proposition is created by the community that includes a lot of people, the ownership of each project will be decentralized.  Some people will focus on talking with their community to bring us problems to solve, others will talk about what we are doing on social networks in order to interest people about what we do on social networks.  Others will execute concrete work and/or market that work to customers.  But at the end of the day, each person involved will bring value to the ecosystem and each person will own its share in it because they helped building it.